So now you have to understand that raise
your Kundalini as many times as you can.
Try to put attention to your Kundalini
all the time.
See where is the problem is. Get it
cleared out, absolutely cleared out.
Find out where is the problem is and raise
your Kundalini many a times
and see that you are flowing all right
on your fontanel bone area,
so that your heart expands.
It’s a mechanical process in a way,
you can say.
But even that you people don’t do.
If you had done that, your heart would
have increased.
And you yourself will say, ‘Mother,
my heart has become large like Asia.’
And then you see the miracle of the heart,
how it emits vibrations
by which you become such compassionate,
such dynamic,
beautiful people and so sincere
to Sahaja Yoga.
I would request you to open your heart
today for this puja.
You have been very jubilant and happy.
And must be your heart must have opened
because I’ve seen Sahaja Yogis
have a very large heart for Me, but
for themselves they don’t have.
They’ll do everything for Me, but nothing
for themselves.
They’ll work morning till evening
to decorate the hall, to do everything.
They must have sent all these flowers
to Me from I don’t know where.
But if I tell them, ‘You meditate for
yourself’, that they will not do.
Or ‘You achieve this for yourself’,
that they will not do.
This is the situation.
So, instead of wasting all your energy
for decorating all these things,
you should decorate yourself
within yourself.
With sincerity, with nice thoughts
about yourself
that you are capable, absolutely capable
people
and you can use your imagination,
your intelligence, rationality, whatever
you think you have,
to find the way, to find the way, again
I say, to keep your heart large.
And this is the message for today’s
birthday all over the world
because I felt that the whole world was
today like a big heart pulsating.
I received the last phone and came here.
From all over the phones coming,
flowers are showering, the beautiful nice
things they are saying.
Everything is there. When I am just
drenched into it,
just drenched, it was too much for Me.
Such sweet, sweet things for the children,
from the children, such things from
the ladies,
some very, very nice from the men
and it was amazing
how these people are bubbling with
enjoyment that today is My birthday.
In the same way, please consider that
every day is your birthday,
that you have to raise your Kundalini
all the time
and keep the standard of your Kundalini
higher and higher.
The more you open out, the more threads
of Kundalini will come up
and the more your heart will open out
and it will be awakened, it will become
more powerful.
And with an open, big heart and a powerful
heart,
you can dominate your brain, which is
giving you all these funny ideas.
I hope this will happen this year here
and people will try to make it a point
that we have a large heart.
Large heart doesn’t mean stupidity,
doesn’t mean that.
Large heart means the heart in which
you can put Me in.
It’s quite a big person, Myself,
so you have to have a very large heart
that I could reside into your heart.
That is the large heart and that’s what
you all should have.
If that happens, then everything
will work out very well.